c:\users\operaza\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\JeffreyPalermoSamples\JeffreyPalermoSamples\bin\JeffreyPalermoSamples.dll
c:\users\operaza\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\JeffreyPalermoSamples\JeffreyPalermoSamples\bin\JeffreyPalermoSamples.pdb
c:\users\operaza\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\JeffreyPalermoSamples\JeffreyPalermoSamples\bin\x86\sqlcese40.dll
c:\users\operaza\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\JeffreyPalermoSamples\JeffreyPalermoSamples\bin\x86\sqlceqp40.dll
c:\users\operaza\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\JeffreyPalermoSamples\JeffreyPalermoSamples\bin\x86\sqlceme40.dll
c:\users\operaza\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\JeffreyPalermoSamples\JeffreyPalermoSamples\bin\x86\sqlceer40EN.dll
c:\users\operaza\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\JeffreyPalermoSamples\JeffreyPalermoSamples\bin\x86\sqlcecompact40.dll
c:\users\operaza\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\JeffreyPalermoSamples\JeffreyPalermoSamples\bin\x86\sqlceca40.dll
c:\users\operaza\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\JeffreyPalermoSamples\JeffreyPalermoSamples\bin\x86\Microsoft.VC90.CRT\README_ENU.txt
c:\users\operaza\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\JeffreyPalermoSamples\JeffreyPalermoSamples\bin\x86\Microsoft.VC90.CRT\msvcr90.dll
c:\users\operaza\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\JeffreyPalermoSamples\JeffreyPalermoSamples\bin\amd64\sqlcese40.dll
c:\users\operaza\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\JeffreyPalermoSamples\JeffreyPalermoSamples\bin\amd64\sqlceqp40.dll
c:\users\operaza\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\JeffreyPalermoSamples\JeffreyPalermoSamples\bin\amd64\sqlceme40.dll
c:\users\operaza\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\JeffreyPalermoSamples\JeffreyPalermoSamples\bin\amd64\sqlceer40EN.dll
c:\users\operaza\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\JeffreyPalermoSamples\JeffreyPalermoSamples\bin\amd64\sqlcecompact40.dll
c:\users\operaza\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\JeffreyPalermoSamples\JeffreyPalermoSamples\bin\amd64\sqlceca40.dll
c:\users\operaza\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\JeffreyPalermoSamples\JeffreyPalermoSamples\bin\amd64\Microsoft.VC90.CRT\README_ENU.txt
c:\users\operaza\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\JeffreyPalermoSamples\JeffreyPalermoSamples\bin\amd64\Microsoft.VC90.CRT\msvcr90.dll
c:\users\operaza\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\JeffreyPalermoSamples\JeffreyPalermoSamples\bin\x86\Microsoft.VC90.CRT\Microsoft.VC90.CRT.manifest
c:\users\operaza\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\JeffreyPalermoSamples\JeffreyPalermoSamples\bin\amd64\Microsoft.VC90.CRT\Microsoft.VC90.CRT.manifest
c:\users\operaza\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\JeffreyPalermoSamples\JeffreyPalermoSamples\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\operaza\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\JeffreyPalermoSamples\JeffreyPalermoSamples\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\operaza\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\JeffreyPalermoSamples\JeffreyPalermoSamples\bin\System.Data.SqlServerCe.dll
c:\users\operaza\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\JeffreyPalermoSamples\JeffreyPalermoSamples\bin\System.Data.SqlServerCe.Entity.dll
c:\users\operaza\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\JeffreyPalermoSamples\JeffreyPalermoSamples\bin\System.Json.dll
c:\users\operaza\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\JeffreyPalermoSamples\JeffreyPalermoSamples\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\operaza\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\JeffreyPalermoSamples\JeffreyPalermoSamples\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\operaza\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\JeffreyPalermoSamples\JeffreyPalermoSamples\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\operaza\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\JeffreyPalermoSamples\JeffreyPalermoSamples\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\operaza\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\JeffreyPalermoSamples\JeffreyPalermoSamples\bin\System.Web.Http.Common.dll
c:\users\operaza\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\JeffreyPalermoSamples\JeffreyPalermoSamples\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\operaza\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\JeffreyPalermoSamples\JeffreyPalermoSamples\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\operaza\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\JeffreyPalermoSamples\JeffreyPalermoSamples\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\operaza\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\JeffreyPalermoSamples\JeffreyPalermoSamples\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\operaza\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\JeffreyPalermoSamples\JeffreyPalermoSamples\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\operaza\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\JeffreyPalermoSamples\JeffreyPalermoSamples\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\operaza\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\JeffreyPalermoSamples\JeffreyPalermoSamples\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\operaza\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\JeffreyPalermoSamples\JeffreyPalermoSamples\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\operaza\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\JeffreyPalermoSamples\JeffreyPalermoSamples\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\operaza\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\JeffreyPalermoSamples\JeffreyPalermoSamples\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\operaza\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\JeffreyPalermoSamples\JeffreyPalermoSamples\bin\System.Json.xml
c:\users\operaza\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\JeffreyPalermoSamples\JeffreyPalermoSamples\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\operaza\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\JeffreyPalermoSamples\JeffreyPalermoSamples\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\operaza\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\JeffreyPalermoSamples\JeffreyPalermoSamples\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\users\operaza\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\JeffreyPalermoSamples\JeffreyPalermoSamples\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\operaza\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\JeffreyPalermoSamples\JeffreyPalermoSamples\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\operaza\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\JeffreyPalermoSamples\JeffreyPalermoSamples\bin\System.Web.Http.Common.xml
c:\users\operaza\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\JeffreyPalermoSamples\JeffreyPalermoSamples\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\operaza\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\JeffreyPalermoSamples\JeffreyPalermoSamples\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\operaza\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\JeffreyPalermoSamples\JeffreyPalermoSamples\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\operaza\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\JeffreyPalermoSamples\JeffreyPalermoSamples\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\operaza\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\JeffreyPalermoSamples\JeffreyPalermoSamples\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\operaza\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\JeffreyPalermoSamples\JeffreyPalermoSamples\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\operaza\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\JeffreyPalermoSamples\JeffreyPalermoSamples\obj\Release\JeffreyPalermoSamples.dll
c:\users\operaza\documents\visual studio 11\Projects\JeffreyPalermoSamples\JeffreyPalermoSamples\obj\Release\JeffreyPalermoSamples.pdb
C:\Users\operaza\Documents\Visual Studio 11\Projects\JeffreyPalermoSamples\JeffreyPalermoSamples\obj\Release\JeffreyPalermoSamples.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
